Update search-engine-optimization-quiz.md (#1857)
Ebazhanov/linkedin-skill-assessments-quizzes: seo/search-engine-optimization-quiz.md

#### Q29. Changing the title tag and/or meta description will have a measurable impact on your \_\_\_\_.

- [ ] RSS
- [x] CTR
- [ ] PPC
- [ ] LSI

#### Q30. How do keywords change as people progress through the buying cycle?

> - [x] They move from simple to more complexas searchers gather more information and then refine their choices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] They move from simple to more complex as searchers gather more information and then refine their choices.
```
